[Doc Update] [Additional icon in app package] (#10437)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/concepts/build-and-test/apps-package.md

### Outline icon

An outline icon displays when your app is in use and/or pinned to the app bar on the left side of Teams.

> |Platform  |Scenario  | Required|

Reviewer: Instead of "Platform", let's call this "Microsoft 365 host application" to maintain consistent wording with other cross-M365 content

|---------|---------|----|
|Teams     | •	When an app is in use and pinned to the app bar. </br> •	When a user pins an app's message extension.      |✔️ |
|Outlook and Microsoft 365 (Preview)   |  When an app is pinned in Outlook or the Microsoft 365 app.        ||

Ensure that the outline icon adheres to the following best practices:
* **Teams**: The icon size must be in 32x32 pixels. It should be either white with a transparent background or transparent with a white background. No other colors are allowed. The outline icon mustn't contain any additional padding around the symbol.

> * **Outlook and Microsoft 365 (Preview)**: A scaled down color icon is used in place of the outline icon in Outlook and the Microsoft 365 app which may or may not be transparent and/or have rounded corners. Alternatively you can specify an [optional 32x32 color icon](~/resources/schema/manifest-schema-dev-preview.md#icons) with a transparent background to ensure a consistent appearance across experiences. 

Reviewer: How about flip this around, to lead with the 32x32 color icon preview:

You have the option to specify a [32x32 color icon](~/resources/schema/manifest-schema-dev-preview.md#icons) with a transparent background to ensure a consistent appearance when your app runs in Outlook and the Microsoft 365 app. If not specified, a scaled down [color icon](#color-icon) with rounded corners (and in some cases, opaque background) will be used, which may not share the same look and feel of the host environment.

> * **Outlook and Microsoft 365 (Preview)**: You have the option to specify a [32x32 color icon](~/resources/schema/manifest-schema-dev-preview.md#icons) with a transparent background to ensure a consistent appearance when your app runs in Outlook and the Microsoft 365 app. If not specified, a scaled down [color icon](#color-icon) with rounded corners (and in some cases, opaque background) will be used, which may not share the same look and feel of the host environment.

Reviewer 2: Hi @mobajemu-msft and @erikadoyle ,

I've observed that the content for 32x32 color icon is updated under the "### Outline icon" header. 

Since this is a color icon, should this be updated under the ### Color icon" header? I could not see any description where 32x32 color icon works as an Outline icon. If it works as an outline Color icon, i think it is best we call out in the docs.

thanks,
Yash

Reviewer: Ah yes, one could argue either way, and if you feel strongly we place the description under **Color**, we can do that instead. The problem is that the "Color" and "Outline" concepts are doing double duty: they explicitly describe the icon appearance, while implicitly representing the icon usage/placement in the host. This new color icon is intended to surface on the app bar in Outlook and M365, where the UX is such that 1P/3P app bar icons appear in color. 

So it doesn't actually work as an "outline" icon (if we're talking about physical appearance) but it doesn't function as a typical outline icon would, in the app bar of the host.

Reviewer: Let's move forward with current state for now, and we can revisit in the near future. Thanks!

Reviewer 2: Hi @erikadoyle,

Thanks for the clarification. For the reason I gave above, I still think we should move it under the " ##Color icon" heading. 

thanks,
Yash

Author: Looks great, thanks @v-ypalikila

An outline icon displays in two scenarios:

> * When your app is in use and pinned to the app bar on the left side of Teams.

Reviewer: Good call--I haven't encountered the term "hoisted" anywhere else in the docs, whereas "pinned" seems standard

Reviewer 3: if "pinned" is the consistent term that's fine, but I would suggest something like "visible on the app bar" as the more appropriate umbrella term - apps are visible on the app bar when they are _either_ pinned or hoisted.

* When a user pins your app's message extension.

Ensure the icon is 32x32 pixels. It should be either white with a transparent background or transparent with a white background. No other colors are allowed. The outline icon mustn't contain any additional padding around the symbol.

> In Outlook and the Microsoft 365 app, the color icon is used when an application is pinned, which may result in inconsistent appearances across experiences. To maintain the appearance of your app when it is pinned in other experiences, you can specify an optional 32x32 color icon with a transparent background.

Reviewer: Looks good. Suggested tweaks:

Although the outline icon is used when your app is pinned in Teams, when your app is pinned in Outlook or the Microsoft 365 app, the (scaled down) *color* icon is used instead. This could result in inconsistent appearances across experiences. To ensure your full color app icon looks good when pinned in Outlook and Microsoft 365 app, you can specify an optional 32x32 color icon with a transparent background.

> Although the outline icon is used when your app is pinned in Teams, when your app is pinned in Outlook or the Microsoft 365 app, the scaled down color icon is used instead. This could result in inconsistent appearances across experiences. To ensure your full color app icon looks good when pinned in Outlook and Microsoft 365 app, you can specify an optional 32x32 color icon with a transparent background.

Reviewer: Just thought of a couple more improvements:

- Place this sentence in a > !NOTE stating that the following guidance applies only to the developer preview manifest
- Link to the applicable _manifest-schema-dev-preview.md_ reference section from the text "optional 32x32 color icon"

Author: This is a great callout! Thanks for this, I've made the changes.

> An outline icon displays in two scenarios:
> 
> * When your app is in use and pinned to the app bar on the left side of Teams.
> * When a user pins your app's message extension.
> 
> Ensure the icon is 32x32 pixels. It should be either white with a transparent background or transparent with a white background. No other colors are allowed. The outline icon mustn't contain any additional padding around the symbol.
> 
> > [!NOTE]
> > The following guidance applies only to the developer preview manifest.
> 
> Although the outline icon is used when your app is pinned in Teams, when your app is pinned in Outlook or the Microsoft 365 app, the scaled down color icon is used instead. This could result in inconsistent appearances across experiences. To ensure your full color app icon looks good when pinned in Outlook and Microsoft 365 app, you can specify an [optional 32x32 color icon](~/resources/schema/manifest-schema-dev-preview.md#icons) with a transparent background.
> 
> :::image type="content" source="../../assets/images/icons/design-outline-icon.png" alt-text="Teams outline icon design guidance.":::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An outline icon for your app is displayed in Teams, Outlook and Microsoft 365 app. The following table lists the scenarios where an outline icon is used:

|Platform  |Scenario  | Required|
|---------|---------|----|
|Teams     | •	When an app is in use and pinned to the app bar. </br> •	When a user pins an app's message extension.      |✔️ |
|Outlook and Microsoft 365 (Preview)   |  When an app is pinned in Outlook or the Microsoft 365 app.        ||

Ensure that the outline icon adheres to the following best practices:

* **Teams**: The icon size must be in 32x32 pixels. It should be either white with a transparent background or transparent with a white background. No other colors are allowed. The outline icon mustn't contain any additional padding around the symbol.

* **Outlook and Microsoft 365 (Preview)**: The icon must be a [32x32 color icon](~/resources/schema/manifest-schema-dev-preview.md#icons) with a transparent background.

:::image type="content" source="../../assets/images/icons/design-outline-icon.png" alt-text="Screenshot shows the design guidance of an outline color icon.":::
```

Reviewer 2: Can you also verify if the following is still true:

**When a user pins your app's message extension.**

thanks,
Yash

Reviewer: Good catch @v-ypalikila! I don't think pinning MEs is possible anymore (new Teams). I tried various installed MEs and the only right-click context menu option is _Uninstall_ : 
![image](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs/assets/2170770/6a15b6d1-5cb1-4ecf-aac2-06a65530a7c6). 

@mobajemu-msft let's file a Teams docs issue to remove pinning guidance on the [message extensions](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/messaging-extensions/design/messaging-extension-design) overview.

For this PR, I'd like to propose this rephrasing. Instead of:

> An outline icon displays in two scenarios:
> 
> * When your app is in use and pinned to the app bar on the left side of Teams.
> * When a user pins your app's message extension.

How about:

> An outline icon displays when your app is in use and/or pinned to the app bar on the left side of Teams.

Reviewer 3: would it be beneficial to describe the fall back behavior in Outlook and Microsoft 365 if the optional icon is not provided? In that case we use the existing color icon which may or may not be transparent and round the corners in a manner similar to the Flyout.

Reviewer 3: Also worth noting that Outlook also supports message extensions. Today we use the existing `color` asset but I see no reason why we wouldn't also adopt the `color32x32` asset if available in that use case.

Reviewer: @krubenok does this pertain to the ME app icon from the _All _Apps_/Apps_ menu of Outlook compose window, or a different entrypoint?
